feat: Add support for aggregator type in DataDog metric provider (#3293)
argoproj/argo-rollouts: docs/analysis/datadog.md

successCondition: default(result, 0) < 0.05
```

#### Metric aggregation (v2 only)

> By default, Argo Rollouts is configured to use `last` metric aggregator when querying DataDog v2 API. This value can be overriden by specifying a new `aggregator` value from a list of supported aggregators (`avg,min,max,sum,last,percentile,mean,l2norm,area`) for the V2 API ([docs](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/metrics/#query-scalar-data-across-multiple-products)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Datadog analysis run is configured to use `last` metric aggregator when querying Datadog v2 API. This value can be overriden by specifying a new `aggregator` value from a list of supported aggregators (`avg,min,max,sum,last,percentile,mean,l2norm,area`) for the V2 API ([docs](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/metrics/#query-scalar-data-across-multiple-products)).
```
